Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will implement internal API and.
We will have only one end point.
This will be made admin to do it.
We will carry that controller class.
Like we said in previous lessons in spring, there is a cycle in model view, controller structure.
First of all, describe masterclasses later called model classes from Soroses.
Finally, call services from controllers and controllers will return model classes.
So in the previous lessons we described service methods to change admin.
In this lesson we will call it from the controller and we will not rest API requests to do it.
First of all, we will create a controller class under the controller package.
We will create an internal API controller class to describe internal API controller as a controller
class.
We will add rest controller annotation to it.
Rest controller annotation specifies the class as a restful web service, so the internal API controller
class will have accessible endpoints with the rest API.
Then we can add request mapping in addition to add prepared for all methods on internal API controllers.
Actually, we have already described it in the security config class.
It will be API slash internal.
Later we will call user service for dependency injection.
We can use authorized insipient.
We need user service because we describe the make admin method in this service.
OK, now we can create our API method.
Our method will be the make admin method as a parameter.
We will expect a user ID as a variable.
It will be a put mapping and the API part will be API internal make Esmie.
Then we will call the user service method and return it.
OK, htp statis.
OK, that's all about internal API controller implementation.
Now we can test make admin methods from Postman.
First of all, we should start our application from the main class, then we will open the postman.
We can start our spring application in many ways, but the easiest way is to start from the main class.
First of all, let's create the default user.
For example, we can create a user as admin and the API part for our sign up method will be API authentication.
Sign up actually be created already in previous lessons so we can use these sign up templates, then
we can change the form data.
Only in here we will change the name as admin, username as admin and password as admin.
Then we will call the sign up method.
Sign up result will be a user object.
Then we can test the make admin endpoint.
The API pads for make admin methods will be API internal, make admin plus user name, we can find it
from the previous request.
Our user name will be admin request.
Nattered will be put mappings, then we call it.
Without authorization, we will get an additional.
Then if we sent our authorization with internal API key, our request will be handled successfully.
Now we have an admin user, OK?
Everything looks perfect.
And finally, we can add the ETP called template of faith in the red meat fight for accessibility.
OK, everything looks perfect.
Thank you.